hey how's it going guys this is Dave -
Dee so I did a review on the Asus GL
5:02 a while back but Asus along with a
bunch of other computer manufacturers
have updated their laptops with the new
Pascal based chips this is an updated
video the old GL 5:02 came in two
variants the thicker v y and the thinner
VT that's the one actually did the video
on the updated GL 5:02 also comes in two
variants the thicker vs and the thinner
vm what you have here and that comes
equipped with the gtx 1060 let's first
talk about what hasn't changed the
dimensions and the exterior casing
hasn't changed it's still an aluminum
top panel with a polycarbonate body the
keyboard trackpad and the speakers
haven't changed either they're all
pretty good especially the trackpad
internally the RAM the CPU and the
cooling systems haven't changed it still
has one slot of upgradable RAM and two
upgradable storage areas there's now
support for HDMI 2.0 which is cool but
there were rumors that the Refresh would
also support Thunderbolt 3 my model
doesn't I'm not sure if it was just a
rumor or if it's just a region thing but
this particular model the pfizer 2 VM
does not support it the things that have
changed are the graphics card and the
new g-sync screen so this is now rocking
the NVIDIA GTX 1060 a really nice
performance bump from the previous
generation for moderately demanding
games like overwatch at 1080p you'll be
around 95 frames per second on epic
settings something a little heavier like
Batman Arkham Knight on Ultra it's just
under 60 frames per second Witcher 3 on
high will get you mid 60 frames per
second on Ultra it's around 40 frames
per second so in general it's about a 40
maybe 45 percent increase in performance
over the 970m it's even better
performing than the 980m this is a
really nice card so with the GTX 1060
the GL 5 sr2 can comfortably handle VR
the 970m
on the original GL 5:02 are reviewed was
on the cusp of handling VR and you could
play some games with pretty smooth frame
rates but with the 1060 in this one
you're deep in the area of a comfortable
VR experience video editing is also
faster so render times for Adobe
Premiere are around 5 to maybe 10
percent faster depending on your
composition in terms of thermal
performance under load the older 5:02
with the 970m had relatively quiet fans
but the system ran a little warm with a
10 60 the fan noise is still quieter
than you'd expect for this kind of
performance but low temperatures are
still warm in fact I'm measuring
slightly hotter temperatures than the
older fives are - fortunately there's
still no CPU or GPU throttling even on
benchmarks the laptop just runs warm
it's not uncomfortable to use the
contact areas aren't hot and it's not
something that'll destroy your laptop
but if you live in a hot environment
keep it in mind the screen is a new
panel it's still an IPS 1080p panel and
it's just as bright but I noticed that
this new screen isn't as color accurate
it's still pretty good but the older
screen had surprisingly good color
accuracy the trade-off is that this
display now has G sync and gsync is the
tech that basically smoothens out your
frame rates if there's any kind of
screen tearing from frame drops so
there's a chip in the screen that'll
maintain your frame rates and give you
smooth gameplay well to the best of its
ability the negatives to a g-sync
display is the fact that you lose Nvidia
Optimus and if you're unfamiliar with
Optimus he's the leader of the Autobots
I know it's the technology that allows
your laptop to switch between graphics
cards so if you're playing games or
you're doing 3d stuff it'll use your
discreet graphics chip in this case the
GTX 1060
but the moment you stop doing that the
moment you're like typing an essay or
just browsing the web it'll switch to
the integrated graphics chip to help
save power and if you have g-sync you
lose that feature and that brings up the
last point in this video battery life on
the older 5:02 wasn't amazing but it was
respectable at around three and a half
hours of regular use the update advisor
too has a measurably shorter battery
life of three hours and this is with
screen brightness equal between the two
both at 215 it's okay the Pascal based
refresh is a nice step up in performance
the GTX 1060 just crushes games at 1080p
and the g-sync panel is actually really
nice to look at but keep in mind that
you're getting a reduced battery life
and the panel isn't as color
accurate as the old one but if you're
looking for a thin and light laptop in
this form factor at this price point the
new GL 5:02 is a really nice option
that's the end of this video hope you
guys liked it thumbs would be liked it
subs if you loved it and if you want to
learn more about this laptop like you
want to learn about the older features
that I didn't mention in this video
check out the old one I'll link it
somewhere